DBZ-2901 Update README for building Debezium locally before running non-core repos (#247)
debezium/debezium-incubator: README.md

**Note:** The Debezium Oracle connector currently exclusively uses the XStream API for ingesting change events from the Oracle database; using this API in production requires to have a license for the Golden Gate product.
We're going to explore alternatives to XStream which may be friendly in terms of licensing.

> Building Oracle connector first requires [Debezium](https://github.com/debezium/debezium) to be built locally using `mvn clean install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building this connector first requires the main [debezium](https://github.com/debezium/debezium) code repository to be built locally using `mvn clean install`.
```
